Azure Policies and Remediation MMA (#57)
likamrat/azure_arc: azure_arc_servers_jumpstart/docs/policies_mma.md

# Overview

> The following README will guide you on how to use Arc for servers to assign Azure Policies to VMs outside of Azure, wether they are on-premise or other clouds. With this feature you can now use Azure Policies to audit settings in the operating system of an Azure Arc connected servers, if a setting is not compliant you can also trigger a remmediation task. 

Reviewer: - "on-premise" >"on-premises"
-

> In this case we will assign a policy to audit if the Azure Arc connected machine has the MMA agent installed, if not, we will use the extensions feature to automatically deploy it to the VM, an enrollment experience that levels to Azure VMs. This approach can be used to make sure all your servers are onboarded to services such as: Azure Monitor, Azure Security Center or Azure Sentinel. 

Reviewer: - Add "(Microsoft Monitoring Agent)" before MMM
- Azure Monitor, Azure Security Center or Azure Sentinel, etc

> You can use the Azure Portal, an ARM template, PowerShell script to assign policies to Azure Subscriptions or Resource Groups. In this guide, you will use an ARM template to assign built-in policies. 

Reviewer: You can use the Azure Portal, an ARM template **or** PowerShell script

> **Note: This guide assumes you already deployed VMs or servers that are running on-prem or other clouds and you have connected them to Azure Arc. If you haven't, this repository offers you a way to do so in an automated fashion using either [GCP Ubuntu VM](gcp_terraform_ubuntu.md), [GCP Windows VM](gcp_terraform_windows.md), [AWS Ubuntu VM](aws_terraform_ubuntu.md), [VMware Ubuntu VM](vmware_terraform_ubuntu.md), [VMware Windows Server VM](vmware_terraform_winsrv.md), [Local Ubuntu VM](local_vagrant_ubuntu.md) or [Local Windows VM](local_vagrant_windows.md)**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note: This guide assumes you deployed VMs or bare-metal servers on-premises or in other clouds and you have already connected them to Azure Arc. 

If you haven't, this repository offers you a few ways of doing so in an automated fashion:
- [GCP Ubuntu VM](gcp_terraform_ubuntu.md) / [GCP Windows VM](gcp_terraform_windows.md)
- [AWS Ubuntu VM](aws_terraform_ubuntu.md)
- [VMware Ubuntu VM](vmware_terraform_ubuntu.md) / [VMware Windows Server VM](vmware_terraform_winsrv.md)
- [Local Vagrant Ubuntu VM](local_vagrant_ubuntu.md) / [Local Vagrant Windows VM](local_vagrant_windows.md)**

```

# Prerequisites

* Clone this repo

* As mentioned, this guide starts at the point where you already deployed and connected VMs or servers to Azure Arc.

    ![](../img/vm_policies/01.png)

>     ![](../img/vm_policies/02.png)

Reviewer: Please align with the rest of the guide naming convention for both Resource Group, i.e "Arc-Servers-Demo" and Arc machines, i.e "Arc-GCP-Demo"

> * [Install or update Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest). Azure CLI should be running version 2.6.0 or later. Use ```az --version``` to check your current installed version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Install or update Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli?view=azure-cli-latest). **Azure CLI should be running version 2.7** or later. Use ```az --version``` to check your current installed version.
```

* Create Azure Service Principal (SP)   

>     To connect a VM or Server to Azure Arc, Azure Service Principal assigned with the "Contributor" role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To connect a VM or bare-metal server to Azure Arc, Azure Service Principal assigned with the "Contributor" role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account run the below command (this can also be done in [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/)).
```

>     To connect a VM or Server to Azure Arc, Azure Service Principal assigned with the "Contributor" role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To connect a VM or bare-metal server to Azure Arc, Azure Service Principal assigned with the "Contributor" role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account run the below command (this can also be done in [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/)).
```

    ```bash
    az login
    az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "<Unique SP Name>" --skip-assignment
    ```

    For example:

    ```az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "http://AzureArcservers" --skip-assignment```

    Output should look like this:
    ```terminal
    {
    "appId": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "displayName": "AzureArcservers",
    "name": "http://AzureArcservers",
    "password": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "tenant": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    }
    ```

    Then, assign a the "Contributor" role to the SP you've just created.

>     ```az role assignment create --assignee "<Unique SP Name>" --role contributor```

Reviewer: To connect a VM or bare-metal server to Azure Arc, Azure Service Principal assigned with the "Contributor" role is required. To create it, login to your Azure account run the below command (this can also be done in [Azure Cloud Shell](https://shell.azure.com/)). 

    ```bash
    az login
    az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "<Unique SP Name>" --role contributor
    ```

    For example:

    ```az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "http://AzureArcServers" --role contributor```

    Output should look like this:

    ```
    {
    "appId": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "displayName": "AzureArcServers",
    "name": "http://AzureArcServers",
    "password": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "tenant": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    }
    ```

>     ```bash
>     az login
>     az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "<Unique SP Name>" --skip-assignment
>     ```
> 
>     For example:
> 
>     ```az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "http://AzureArcservers" --skip-assignment```
> 
>     Output should look like this:
>     ```terminal
>     {
>     "appId": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
>     "displayName": "AzureArcservers",
>     "name": "http://AzureArcservers",
>     "password": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
>     "tenant": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
>     }
>     ```
> 
>     Then, assign a the "Contributor" role to the SP you've just created.
> 
>     ```az role assignment create --assignee "<Unique SP Name>" --role contributor```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ```bash
    az login
    az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "<Unique SP Name>" --role contributor
    ```

    For example:

    ```az ad sp create-for-rbac -n "http://AzureArcServers" --role contributor```

    Output should look like this:

    ```
    {
    "appId": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "displayName": "AzureArcServers",
    "name": "http://AzureArcServers",
    "password": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX",
    "tenant": "XXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXXX"
    }
    ```
```

    
    **Note**: It is optional but highly recommended to scope the SP to a specific [Azure subscription and Resource Group](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/ad/sp?view=azure-cli-latest) 

> * You will also need to have a Log Analytics Workspace deployed. You can automate the deployment by editing the [parameters file](../policies/arm/log_analytics-template.parameters.json) and providing a name and location for your workspace. Then start the deployment with the command: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* You will also need to have a Log Analytics Workspace deployed. You can automate the deployment by editing the ARM template [parameters file](../policies/arm/log_analytics-template.parameters.json) and provide a name and location for your workspace. Then start the deployment with the command: 
```

> * You will also need to have a Log Analytics Workspace deployed. You can automate the deployment by editing the [parameters file](../policies/arm/log_analytics-template.parameters.json) and providing a name and location for your workspace. Then start the deployment with the command: 

Reviewer: Add screenshot
https://github.com/likamrat/azure_arc/blob/master/azure_arc_k8s_jumpstart/docs/aks_arm_template.md#L64
